move site content over from /docs to /site (#569)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/overview/_index.md

> ---

Reviewer: Should we remove these contents from the main README? Or maybe just keep the main paragraph and link to the overview.

title: "Overview"
linkTitle: "Overview"
weight: 1
description: >
  Why Kueue?
---

> Kueue is a set of APIs and controller for job queueing. It is a job-level manager that decides when a job should be admitted to start (as in pods can be created) and when it should stop (as in active pods should be deleted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kueue is a kubernetes-native system that manages quotas and how jobs consume them. Kueue decides when a job should wait, when a job should be admitted to start (as in pods can be created) and when a job should be preempted (as in active pods should be deleted).
```

## Why use Kueue

> Kueue is a lean controller that you can install on top of a vanilla Kubernetes cluster. Kueue does not replace any existing Kubernetes components. Kueue is compatible with cloud environments where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Kueue on top of a vanilla Kubernetes cluster. Kueue does not replace any existing Kubernetes components. Kueue is compatible with cloud environments where:
```

* Compute resources are elastic and can be scaled up and down.
* Compute resources are heterogeneous (in architecture, availability, price, etc.).

Kueue APIs allow you to express:

* Quotas and policies for fair sharing among tenants.
* Resource fungibility: if a resource flavor is fully utilized, Kueue can admit the job using a different flavor.

> The main design principle for Kueue is to avoid duplicating mature functionality in Kubernetes components and well-established third-party controllers. Autoscaling, pod-to-node scheduling and job lifecycle management are the responsibility of cluster-autoscaler, kube-scheduler and kube-controller-manager, respectively. Advanced admission control can be delegated to controllers such as gatekeeper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A core design principle for Kueue is to avoid duplicating mature functionality in Kubernetes components and well-established third-party controllers. Autoscaling, pod-to-node scheduling and job lifecycle management are the responsibility of cluster-autoscaler, kube-scheduler and kube-controller-manager, respectively. Advanced admission control can be delegated to controllers such as gatekeeper.
```
